statements.
And I don't know how to respond to those.
He doesn't know where he is, and he wants to go home.
And our natural inclination is to say you are home.
This is how long right? makes it worse.
My friend forgets who I am.
She repeats the same thing over and over.
And basically, she's lost touch with reality.
And I don't know what I'm supposed to do.
I feel helpless to intervene.
And we turn you there's a chair here.
I'm going to talk, you want to sit down here.
So the old way, and probably what most of you came up understanding what to do was to something we call reality orientation.
That's when we would say,
if somebody says, I want to get home, we'd say you are home.
This is where you live.
Now you sold your house.
And this is where you live.
And people get really upset because it doesn't look like the home.
They're remembering in their brain right now.
So I want to play that scenario out with you.
This is our players.
Han again is a resident in the health center for Venus her daughter who is visiting same thing I know, we go home.
Very shortly we're acting this is not my home for all these people you live you live here now mom, you sold your house, your dad's dead yet.
What do you mean, that's dead? No one told me.
That's dead.
We've all had that.
Right.
We've all had that happen, where we've we've been? Well, meaningly trying to orient somebody to the reality of today the hearing now.
And that person then just gets even more agitated, more frustrated, more angry, scared, whatever it is, because certainly our conversation didn't meet the need.
They were trying to get met.
So let's do that scene again.
But this time using something called the validation method, a couple of things that we did right in that second conversation.
So the first thing was when Han said I want to go home.
Our first inclination is to say you are at home and we know from the previous one that didn't work, right.
So what do you do? And she's she's asking about that home.
She's asking about, hey, let's dig in she, she's telling me she misses home.
Let's find out what the emotion is there about home What does she miss? And so the conversation goes and then at the very end for is to be empathetic and listening, and to try to understand what's the feeling being conveyed here? And I'll explain that in a minute.
So reality into orientation doesn't work missioning Well, what we get is emotional about the conversation we're having rightly, we can't convey the fact because those two areas of the brain aren't firing, but the emotion is what I want us to start losing that language about behaviors.
Behaviors are simply put unmet needs.
And it's our job as caregivers and friends to find underlying to these behaviors.
So they only file in the 1960s and 70s really was the pioneer for something called validation therapy.

Validation method Stop thinking of people with dementia as people who are other than but much more like us but we just have to figure out the puzzle to get in there to have it make sense and improve meaning because we don't know what the feeling is right?
We might be able to try to get that or move the conversation to that.
But we have to lead those conversations and try to guess what the residents trying but if I direct you away from Disneyland over and over, I'm gonna get punched, right?
Because I'm going to confuse you and agitate You And Why do you bring the Moors Oh why are you thief so in that scenario, Han is distressed because she's she has a picture book she has a lap and she's looking at photo album and she doesn't recognize people in the federal Well, right.
Look at this.
You kept such a beautiful home.
You must be so proud of your home.
It was an eye You have such a beautiful home, you must be so proud of your home and say well you know, look at your bedroom.
You keep such a pretty clear what what worked, what did pervane do that work through or necessarily wearing where we left and you might not know what it is, but you try to in this case my mom has certainly into Our homeless happy it was a happy home.
He was the best I missed him was pervade the gap, excuse me Hong Kong down and she told about how Waldenses Yeah, he was the best I miss him.
And then perveen goes in for the redirection, right? She goes, Okay, let's not go.
She tells you she just got a job to Okay make some guesses exactly what subject you teach at Berkeley.
And there's something about how a lot at Berkeley for years and it could easily that's very common.
I'm going to miss Can I can I give you a lift? Try? Did you pack yet? Seriously? He read 1000 miles away.
Bertie, where are you going? Oh, hello, what's in Palo Alto basketball for the plaintiff.
Lying thief Get away from me and you leave me can you go away? Just loss so that again, just loss exactly it could absolutely be as simple as that.
And I am here in this space and time in this building in this room Okay, I'll never feel good about myself.
So we try to reduce the environment that allows support and wash your face.
And I could have easily handed a wash cases are valid.
And then ask specific questions that the residents have used I words I feel that way too, I would say right, we can talk about it more I feel better.
I was getting nowhere with it permanent and she had no idea what It must be unnerving to have somebody in With your stuff, no idea what she's talking about.
Other questions CNA was trying to help her.
And when she had nobody to have it hanging over, and we weren't three blocks down the road.
She said I'm going to go home.
And I said, be with the feeling.
spreadsheet as and again our job is to say what are they trying to tell me? If you need a blanket you but but to start I've learned is that When somebody says so I just my trick is not three times to figure out what to say, join them and trust me, but find a reader.
I feel like she trusts her and more so so if I am less known to this or that not the anxiety producing them.
What's all this about? harpley come to this has cognitive ability that then sort of slips into Select the middle stages of Dementia who can kind of have one foot and you say something absurd to me trying to think about a good example of that you say some room and then after a while you end nobody really because everybody has a has what I perceived as a negative behavior And I don't know how to intervene.
How do we get to the emotion so we can try to intervene and redirect that conversation is not a talk about the ins and outs of dementia or how to prevent dementia.
Do not do puzzles, study a language.
That's all I have.
Thank you for joining me.
Get out I have to work on it.

Transcribed by https://otter.ai
