A BENEDICTION TO SMV CONGREGATION 2016...


Another door opens...

Dear St Mary's Friends, Clergy and Vestry,

When I first came to St Mary's in 1996 I was a stranger seeking a spiritual home. I found a place to grow my faith, a place to serve, and many many friends.

When I moved to Corvallis OR in 2008, St Mary's was my 'go to' church whenever I visited San Francisco. It is  where I still found peace and good will, many many friends, and a magnificent choir.

When I returned to San Francisco in 2014, I came full circle, delighting in reconnecting with friends at St Mary's, at the Heritage, and with RNs I had worked with at Langley Porter.

St Mary's was thriving. The music was uplifting and fed my soul. I was a regular at Sunday morning services; Wednesday morning eucharist; twilight concerts, lectures and conversations.

There is wisdom in the saying one can never step into the river in the same place twice. The river is constantly moving, flowing on.

When Scott left mid-sentence in mid-November 2015, and Chip went on 'sabbatical' while rehearsing music for holy week 2016, I felt an overwhelming sense of loss. Where was the Peace? Good will? Compassion? Understanding?

I knew that my sense of loss and grief were subjects for individual therapy. Healing is in process...

I have found a  new spiritual home at Calvary Presbyterian Church. I will begin singing in the choir Sunday August 28.

No friend is left behind. This is the benediction I spoke to the congregation when I left my church in Corvallis:

"Each of us bears the imprint of a friend met along the way...in each the trace of each."  (Primo Levi)

Each year I am more grateful for the friends I have met along the way...each has made a difference in how I view myself and the world. Together we are a community loosely connected in the physical realm. In spirit we are one.

Peace and Goodwill to you on your journeys. May you experience enough challenges to know you are flexible. May your creativity bring you joy."

To my many many friends at St Mary's, my love and gratitude abounds. Working and worshiping alongside you has grown my faith. I will never forget all the ways you befriended me and took care of me when I was 'benched.'

God Bless us Everyone,

eleanor bissell
